Ways to organize slides : 

Refer to Windows Smart Art (Open MS PPT ----> Insert ----> Smart Art)

Referring http://thevisualcommunicationguy.com/2013/07/20/the-five-and-only-five-ways-to-orgaize-information/

By location : Think of a history class and Every continent is a slide OR
	      Think of a biology class and main part of human body are slides

By Time :     A timeline from 1900-2010 and every decade is a slide. (SAME as sequence)

By categories

By Hierarchy

By Tables

By groups : A logical grouping (similar to phsyical grouping like folders).

NESTED Example : A group of hierarchies , or a hierarchy of groups , a sequence of hierarchies , a hierarchy of sequences etc etc.

TASKS TO DO : 

1. Assign a small symbol to each of the above "container" and then on clicking them, it open the slides for preview within the "container".
2. Manage the Logical File System (the containers and groups etc).

3. Store the ppt slides as a Table with the filename as column ID , and 5 "next slides" as 5 more columns next1 , next2 ... next5. 
These will be use to store the history for slide suggestion. 


Questions for prof. : 

Q1. What software were you using when u showed it to me the other day?

Q2. How much part of a presentation software is the target? A whole MS PPT is too big , or minimum with enuf features for demonstration?
    Should i make a desktop software , or a browser HTML client sw. Java / c# or HTMl5 with js. Portable? ANY SPECIFICS U SUGGEST? 

Implementation :----------

impress.js with Struts and many more are there. But Struts is the most mature , cleanly documented. 

reveal.js with Slides.com ,  (Not opensource). 
Reveal.js has few online GUI editors (like https://github.com/leejaen/react-lz-editor is pretty impressive), but they are pretty immature / less contributors / less documentation for understanding etc. 
Tbh, Slides.com is insane. Therefore cannot say reveal.js is any less compared to impress.js.

bespoke.js


Figure out how a single slide will be stored in memory , Then only u can create a library of slides. 

Library top menu item
View Library
Add this slide to Library
Import Library
Export Library

In the Add slide to library menu, Each slide will have options like 
1. Which slide(s) [example slides 12 to 18] to add to the Library.
2. Slide Organization (How to organize this slide?) As hierarchy , sequence , organize by location etc. 
3. Slide Flow (The order of flow for the slides.) [show preview of each slide , then show the total flow preview].

TODO ----> 

First thing u ll do is setup the Strut offline (run as local server) , Then test the pen input. 
